So, um , who is your favorite feminist literature?
I'll start Jane Austen
I've never read any of her book.
Mmm, yeah yeah
Dude, He's good. He's actually good.
Mary Poppins? Yeah, what did she write ?
That's not feminist literature!
Yeah
That's not feminist.
But she- But she's not feminist.
pro-women literature written by women
Don't worry we can tell.
Um, Jane Austen .what do you know about um-
(***) What's that one ? Uhhhhh.......Shoot!
popular one with uhm th- the guy
(***)and they crawled and they fell in love
No, it's fem- it's for women. No, I'll pull it up after the session. I'll show you.
Haahaa
Ummm..
Uhhh... That's not feminist, she's literally writing about a man.
Oh yeah. Oh, have you guys read the Odyssey?
oh. I know! (**) read it.
Oh. Alright then
no no hey she answered . you seem to hear
That's you that's you
Yeah. you sh- you should nod like a active listener
This is not an actual sce-
Yeah, I wanted to do this one.
(***)
I did the the the big the  friendly giant.
I don't remember that one.
Haahaahaa..
But aren't like feet inherently rectangular, no?
I don't like that.
The friendly giant ,yeah .....I don't remember anything
Oh, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
Yes! Yes, yes. Charlie was awesome.
yea
Did you have a little crush on Charlie?
I didn't either.
There are some other
I have a cousin whose name is James after that book.
I don't think they read it. Sorry.
I don't remember much about it.
It was like James who got stuck in a giant peach, right?
I didn't like Matilda, she had a PMO.
Oh, I mean, I love Matilda
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah. How about your sister?
Yeah,
Haahaahaa..
Uh oh.
What if you're guaranteed a save?
And the person that you choose will survive.
Whatever you say
Is that how you feel?
If it was a brother, he'd be fine.